README.md, before:


# Profesional README.md Generator

## Description
You can quickly and easily create a README file by using a command-line application to generate one. This allows the project creator to devote more time to working on the project.
  
## Table of contents
- [Table of contents](#Table-of-contents)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#licence)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)


## Installation
The application will be invoked by using the following command:

## Usage
node When a user enters a description, installation instructions, usage information, contribution guidelines, and test instructions then this information is added to the sections of the README entitled Description, Installation, Usage, Contributing, and Tests

## Licence
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Boost_1.0-lightblue.svg)](https://www.boost.org/LICENSE_1_0.txt)

## Contributing
When a user chooses a license for their application from a list of options then a badge for that license is added near the top of the README and a notice is added to the section of the README entitled License that explains which license the application is covered under

## Tests
As a developer, I want a README generator so that I can quickly create a professional README for a new project

## Questions
My GitHub profile (https://github.com/ElanekJ)

With additional questions please contact me 
  email : eliasjozef@yahoo.co.uk

Commit message:

updating index.mjs, profile, email, video link

README.md, after:


# Professional README Generator

## Description
You can quickly and easily create a README file by using a command-line application to generate one. This allows the project creator to devote more time to working on the project.
  
## Table of contents
- [Table of contents](#Table-of-contents)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#licence)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)


## Installation
As a developer, I want a README generator so that I can quickly create a professional README for a new project

## Usage
You can quickly and easily create a README file by using a command-line application to generate one. This allows the project creator to devote more time to working on the project.

## Licence
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Boost_1.0-lightblue.svg)](https://www.boost.org/LICENSE_1_0.txt)

## Contributing
When a user is prompted for information about the application repository then a high-quality, professional README.md is generated

## Tests
When a user clicks on the links in the Table of Contents then they are taken to the corresponding section of the README

## Questions
My GitHub profile (https://github.com/ElanekJ)

With additional questions please contact me 
  email : eliasjozef01@gmail.com

## Video Link

![video-link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1KNtrUG-byUGn1EaLsO5QXKzLXEJ7EQ5K/view)
